In the Zen Garden

NOV 6TH, 2038
AM 09:56

Connor: Hello, Amanda.
Amanda: Connor… It’s good to see you.

Connor didn't find the deviant in Partners

[ AMANDAlarge_decrease ]

Amanda: I expected you to find the deviant who killed that man… I must admit I'm a little bit disappointed...
Connor: I'm sorry. I know I should have succeeded.
Amanda: Nevermind. I’m sure you’ll show more foresight in the future.

Connor found the deviant in Partners

Got a confession, without dying

[ AMANDAlarge_increase ]

Amanda: Congratulations, Connor... Finding that deviant was far from easy, and the way you interrogated it was very clever. You’ve been remarkably efficient, Connor.
Connor: Thank you, Amanda.
Amanda: We’ve asked the DPD to transfer it to us for further study. It may teach us something about what happened.

[

 ] -  Connor died during The Interrogation

[ AMANDAslight_decrease ]

Amanda: Your predecessor was unfortunately destroyed... It knew deviants could be unpredictable, but it wasn’t careful enough… I hope you won’t make the same mistake.
Connor: I don't intend to.
Amanda: When a Connor model is destroyed, its memory is transferred to the next one, but some data can be lost in the process. Avoid being destroyed. It will be better for you and the investigation…
Connor: I understand.

Connor found the deviant but didn't get a confession in The Interrogation

[ AMANDAslight_decrease ]

Amanda: Finding that deviant was far from easy… you showed great skill in your investigation. But you knew deviants could be unstable. You should have been more cautious.
Connor: I thought I could make it talk… It was a judgement error.
Amanda: Nevermind. I’m sure you’ll be more careful in future.

Amanda: The interrogation seemed… challenging… What did you think of the deviant?
TRAUMATIZED

Connor: It showed signs of PTSD after being abused by its owner, as if its original program had been completely replaced by new instructions.
DEVIANCY

Connor: It showed all the signs of deviancy: cognitive instability, unpredictable behavior, and the emulation of human emotions. It was even afraid to die. The model was clearly defective.
INTERVENTION

[

 -  Intervened and saved the deviant in The Interrogation
]
Connor: I prevented it from being damaged, so we might still learn something by analyzing it.

Got a confession

Connor: It said something to me: “The truth is inside”. I don’t know what that means… unless it was just another error in its program.
REGRETS

[

 -  Connor died in The Interrogation
]
Connor: It could've killed everyone in the room. The previous Connor should have anticipated the danger. It was a mistake to let an armed policeman so close to the deviant.
SIMULATION

Connor: It simulated human emotion, fear in particular, in a very convincing way. It seemed completely overwhelmed by them, and behaved irrationally,

Amanda: This… Lieutenant Anderson has been officially assigned to the deviancy case… What do you make of him?
UNPLEASANT

Connor: I find him unpleasant and unprofessional. He seems to have an addictive personality, has a lack of respect for procedure, and despises androids - which makes our relationship difficult.
DYSFUNCTIONAL

Connor: I would define him as “dysfunctional”. He obviously has a personal situation impacting his professional behavior and... seems to have no interest in the investigation.
INTRIGUING

Connor: I think he’s irritable, and socially challenged. But I also think he used to be a good detective… He’s an intriguing character.
UNSURE

Connor: He’s obviously not what I was expecting, but... I don’t have enough information yet to form a definitive opinion.

Amanda: Unfortunately, we have no choice but to work with him… What do you think is the best approach?
FRIENDLY

[ AMANDAslight_decrease ]

Connor: I will try to establish a friendly relationship. If I can get him to trust me, it will be helpful for the investigation.
ADAPT

[ AMANDAslight_decrease ]

Connor: I will adapt to his personality. It is in the best interest of the investigation that I avoid conflict and try to accommodate his psychology.
INDIFFERENT

[ AMANDAslight_increase ]

Connor: I will focus on the investigation and try to ignore him. As long as he doesn’t interfere and we avoid conflict, he shouldn’t be a problem.
DON’T KNOW

Connor: I don’t have enough data to decide that yet. I’ll learn more about him and try to adapt my behavior accordingly.

Amanda: More and more androids show signs of deviancy. There are millions in circulation. If they become unstable, the consequences will be disastrous. You are the most advanced prototype CyberLife has ever created. If anyone can figure out what’s happening, it's you.
Connor: You can count on me, Amanda.

[

 -  Connor died in The Interrogation
]

Amanda: Pick up the investigation where the previous Connor left off, and put a stop to this.

Connor failed to find the deviant in Partners

Amanda: Continue your investigation and put a stop to this.

Amanda: Hurry, Connor. There’s little time.
In the Police Station
Couple at the reception

Woman: I’m getting nervous, Mark.
Man: It’s okay… It's okay, just relax… Just tell 'em what happened to you.
Woman: But it was all over so quickly... I didn’t even see his face!
Man: Any little detail might help them catch the guy… you never know.
Couple next to the TV

Woman: You might be in shock, just… Just take it easy.
Man: Yeah… Would you mind getting me some water, please?
Woman: Sure. There you go.
Man: Thanks… I needed that.
Woman: It shouldn't be too long now.
[
 -  Watch TV
]

Michael Brinkley - CTN TV: Tensions in the Arctic have reached a new level, with a Russian carrier and an American patrol boat reported to have clashed last night. Several warning shots were exchanged, apparently with no damage or casualties to either side. The Minister for Defense, Denis Riggs, has spoken of "intolerable provocation that cannot go unanswered". The countries in the region, particularly Sweden and Canada, have called for military forces to withdraw and an international conference to be held. So far, there has been no response from either Moscow or Washington. We’ll keep you informed minute by minute as the situation develops.
Talking to the android at the reception

Android: Can I help you?
Connor: I’m here to see Lieutenant Anderson.
Android: Do you have authorization?
Connor: Yes.
Android: Lieutenant Anderson hasn't arrived yet, but you can wait at his desk.
In the station

[

 ] -  Deviant shot Connor during The Interrogation

Ben: No shit? That fucking machine could have killed everyone in the room…
Asking police android about the desk

Connor: I'm looking for Lieutenant Anderson's desk.
Android: It's that desk right there.
Looking at guy in cell

Guy: What?.. What are you lookin' at?.. Hey, fuck you! Fuckin' android…

Talking with Carlos Ortiz's android

[

 -  Deviant didn't die in The Interrogation
]
Deviant: They're gonna destroy me…
SINCERE

Connor: It’s probable. They have to analyze your biocomponents. They need to understand what happened.
COLD

Connor: My objective was to capture you alive. What happens now is not my problem.
COMPASSIONATE

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYslight_increase ]

Connor: I'm sorry. It's not what I wanted… but there's nothing I can do.
INDIFFERENT

Connor: You're only a machine. It doesn't matter.

Connor: I know there’s something you didn’t tell me. I need to know, before they take you away…
[ STATUETTE ]

[

 -  Looked at the statuette in Partners
]
Connor: The sculpture you made… Tell me more about it…
SECRET

Connor: What you said yesterday… "the truth is inside"… What does it mean?
RA9

Connor: What you wrote on the wall... rA9… What does it mean?
DEVIANTS

Connor: Do you know any other deviants? Are there many of you?

Deviant: I'm going to die…
Ben: Open the cell, quick! Hurry! I'll call CyberLife… Clean this mess up…
Going into the break room

Connor found the deviant in Partners

[

 ] -  Connor died in The Interrogation

Gavin: Shit... Look at that… a fucking ghost… His clone ends up in a dumpster, but this morning, what do you know?! Another son of a bitch takes his place…

Connor didn't die in The Interrogation

Gavin: Fuck, look at that… Our friend the plastic detective is back in town! Congratulations on last night, very impressive!

Didn't get a confession in The Interrogation

Gavin: Could've got something outta that android if you haven't fucked it up...

Connor didn't find the deviant in Partners

Gavin: Look at that! It seems Hank has a new partner! Fucking plastic detective! Hey! You his drinking buddy? You bring him home when he's too drunk to find his car? Ha, he stinks of booze!
GREET

Connor: Hello, Detective Reed.
INTRODUCE

Connor: Hello. My name is Connor.
IGNORE

ø

Gavin: Never seen an android like you before… What model are you?
ANSWER

Connor: RK800. I'm a prototype.
Gavin: A prototype? Android detective… So machines are gonna… replace us all… is that it?..
REFUSE

Connor: I'm sorry, but I'm not authorized to answer you. If you have any questions, please contact your superior.
IGNORE

Gavin: Hey, asshole, I’m talkin' to you!

Gavin: Hey, bring me a coffee, dipshit! GET A MOVE ON!
ACCEPT

Gavin: Do yourself a favor, stay outta my way.
REFUSE

Connor: I'm sorry, but I only take orders from Lieutenant Anderson.
Gavin: Oh… Oh…

Connor intervened during The Interrogation

Gavin: If Hank hadn’t got in the way yesterday, I would’ve fucked you up for disobeying a human. Stay outta my way… 'Cause next time... you won’t get off so easy.

Connor didn't intervene in The Interrogation

Gavin: When a human gives you an order, you obey. Got it? Stay outta my way… Next time, you won’t get off so easy.
IGNORE

Gavin: I gave you an order!
The same dialogue as REFUSE will continue after that.
[
 -  Watch TV
]

Connor found Ortiz's android in Partners

Michael Brinkley - CTN TV: Several sources report that CyberLife has provided Detroit Police with a prototype detective android. Although police assistant androids have existed for several years now, this would be the first case of an android being authorized to play an active role in criminal investigations. We contacted CyberLife for comment but no one was available to answer our questions.

Connor didn't find Ortiz's android in Partners

[ PUBLIC OPINIONslight_decrease ]

Michael Brinkley - CTN TV: Detroit Police found the body of thirty-year-old Carlos Ortiz in his home last night, following calls from concerned neighbors. Known to the police as a petty criminal, Mr. Ortiz is reported to have suffered from a psychiatric condition and rarely left his apartment. He is thought to have died several weeks ago. The police are conducting forensic tests but appear to be treating the death as a homicide. The victim's android is also reported missing. We’ll bring you more on that story as it develops.

Rosanna Cartland - KNC: The first book written by an artificial intelligence has just been published and to call it a success would be an understatement – Do Humans Dream of Mammalian Sheep? has shot to the top of the bestseller list. Moreover, critics are unanimous in their praise for the depth of thought and originality of this first work. Designed by CyberLife, the AI known as VOLTAIRE analyzed human centers of interest on social networks for several months before its complex algorithms generated the plot of the novel. According to several specialists, it will be very difficult for human authors to compete with these algorithms and the odds are that most of the books written in the coming years will be the work of artificial intelligence.
Background dialogues

    Hey, you take a look at these samples yet?
    Lab report says they cut it with something.
    Maybe they’re trying out a new form of red ice?
    We really need the forensics.
    All right… I’ll chase it up.
    You and you – come with me.
    Hey, can you check something for me?
    I need the stats on those drug seizures.
    Great! I gotta get back - thanks!

Finding Hank's desk

Connor: Excuse me. Do you know what time Lieutenant Anderson usually arrives?
Wilson: Depends on where he was the night before… If we're lucky, we’ll see him before noon…
Connor: Thanks.
Calling Hank

Connor: Call Hank Anderson.
Hank: Hi, this is Hank. Not here at the moment. You can leave a message if that's what turns you on but don't expect me to call back. Beep… Whatever.
LEAVE A MESSAGE

Connor: Lieutenant Anderson? This is Connor, I'm the android sent by CyberLife. It’s almost noon and I’m waiting for you at the office.
HANG UP

ø
Talking to Chris Miller

[

 ] -  Connor died in The Interrogation

Chris: Good Lord! They already repaired you?
Connor: Unfortunately, my predecessor was too damaged to be repaired. I’m the new Connor.
Chris: They don't waste any time over at CyberLife… I don’t think Hank's gonna be overjoyed to see you…

Connor didn't die in The Interrogation

Chris: You still here? I thought your assignment was over.
Connor: It's just been extended.
Chris: Hank's gonna be overjoyed to hear that…

Connor intervened in The Interrogation

Chris: You were right about that android… it's been quiet in the cell all night. Scheduled for transfer today.
Wilson is on the phone

Wilson: Hi, honey. You okay? Listen, I… Listen, I told you not to call me on this number… I can’t, I’m sorry, my wife already suspects. Don’t be silly… Of course I wanna see you. Baby, listen, I can’t talk right now. I’m in the office. Yeah, okay. Love you too.
Hank arrives at his desk

[

 ] -  Connor died in The Interrogation

[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Connor: Hello, Lieutenant. My name is Connor. I'm the android sent by CyberLife.
Hank: God, I saw you get shot in the head last night…
Connor: My predecessor was unfortunately destroyed, but CyberLife transferred its memory and sent me to replace it. This incident should not affect the investigation.
Hank: Uh, Jesus…

Connor didn't die in The Interrogation

Connor: It's good to see you again, Lieutenant.
Hank: Uh, Jesus…

Fowler: Hank! In my office!
Entering and listening

Fowler: I've got ten new cases involving androids on my desk every day. We've always had isolated incidents, old ladies losing their android maids and that kind of crap… But now, we’re getting reports of assaults and even homicides, like that guy last night… This isn't just CyberLife’s problem anymore. It's now a criminal investigation and we've gotta deal with it before the shit hits the fan. I want you to investigate these cases and see if there's any link.
Hank: Why me? Why do I gotta be the one to deal with this shit? I am the least qualified cop in the country to handle this case! I know jack shit about androids, Jeffrey! I can barely change the settings on my own phone…
Fowler: Everybody's overloaded. I think you're perfectly qualified for this type of investigation.
Hank: Bullshit! The truth is nobody wants to investigate these fuckin' androids and you left me holdin' the bag!
Fowler: CyberLife sent over this android to help with the investigation. It's a state-of-the-art prototype. It'll act as your partner.
Hank: No fuckin' way! I don't need a partner, and certainly not this plastic prick!
Fowler: Hank, you are seriously starting to piss me off! You are a police lieutenant, you are supposed to do what I say and shut your goddamn mouth!
Hank: You know what my goddamn mouth has to say to you, huh?
Fowler: Ok, ok... I'll pretend like I didn't hear that, so I don't have to add any more pages to your disciplinary folder ‘cause it already looks like a fuckin' novel! This conversation is over!
Hank: Jeffrey, Jesus Christ! Why are you doin' this to me? You know how much I hate these fuckin' things. Why you doin' this to me?
Fowler: Listen, I’ve had just about enough of your bitching. Either you do your job or you hand in your badge. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got work to do.
ANDERSON

Connor: I wonder whether Lieutenant Anderson is really the best person for this investigation.
Fowler: Hey, I don’t need a machine to tell me how to handle my men, okay? So get the fuck outta my office.
POSITIVE

Connor: I'm very pleased to have joined the team. I can assure you I'll do my very best-
Fowler: Close the door on your way out.
FILE

Connor: I would like to start reviewing the case files. Can you tell me where I-
Fowler: Talk to Hank. Close the door on your way out.
LEAVE

ø
Cut content

Connor: Well, then… I won't keep you any longer.

Connor: Have a nice day, Captain.
Checking on Hank
[ NEW CONNOR ]

[

 -  Connor died in The Interrogation
]
Connor: I understand the destruction of my predecessor may have been unpleasant for you, Lieutenant. I'll do everything I can to make sure it doesn't happen again.
[ LAST NIGHT ]

[

 -  Spilled Hank's drink in Partners
]
Connor: I'm… sorry I bothered you at the bar last night, Lieutenant. I guess I ruined your evening…
UNDERSTANDING

Connor: I get the impression my presence causes you some inconvenience, Lieutenant. I'd like you to know I'm very sorry about that.
PRAGMATIC

Connor: Listen, I know you don't like me, but we're going to have to work together, we'll both have to make an effort.
CONSTRUCTIVE

Connor: It's an honor to be working with you, Lieutenant. I'm sure we'll make a great team.
PARTNERS

Connor: Now that we're partners, it would be great to get to know each other better.
POSITIVE

Connor: In any case, I'd like you to know I'm very happy to be working with you. I'm sure we'll make a great team.
DESK

Connor: Is there a desk anywhere I could use?
Hank: No one's using that one.
THANKS
Cut content

Connor: I wanna thank you for last night, Lieutenant. Without your intervention, I probably would have been destroyed.
Hank: I'm already regretting it.
[ DOG ]

[

 -  Analyzed the dog hairs on the chair
]
[ HANKslight_increase ]

Connor: You have a dog, right?
Hank: How do you know that?
Connor: The dog hairs on your chair. I like dogs. What's your dog's name?
Hank: What's it to you? Sumo, I call him Sumo.
[ BASKETBALL ]

[

 -  Analyzed the basketball cap
]
[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Connor: You’re a Detroit Gears fan, right? Denton Carter scored 53% of his shots from the three-point line yesterday. Did you see the game?
Hank: That's what I was watchin' at the bar last night.
Connor: Oh…
[ MUSIC ]

[

 -  Listened to Hank's music
]
[ HANKslight_increase ]

Connor: Do you listen to Knights of the Black Death? I really like that music. It's… full of energy…
Hank: You listen to Heavy Metal?
Connor: Well, I don't really listen to music, as such… but I'd like to.
[ ANTI-ANDROIDS ]

[

 -  Looked at the anti-androids stickers
]
[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Connor: A lot of people don't appreciate having androids around… I was wondering… Is there any reason in particular you despise me?
Hank: Yeah... there is one.
FOWLER

Connor: Have you known Captain Fowler for long?
Hank: Yeah... Too long.
HOURS

Connor: I was wondering… Do you always arrive at the office at this time?
Hank: I arrive when I arrive. Stop busting my balls, okay?
START WORKING

Connor: If you have any files on deviants, I’d like to take a look at them…
Hank: Terminal’s on your desk. Knock yourself out.
Connor: 243 files… The first dates back nine months… It all started in Detroit… And quickly spread across the country…

Kara didn't kill Todd in Stormy Night

Connor: An AX400 is reported to have assaulted a man last night. That could be a good starting point for our investigation.

Kara killed Todd in Stormy Night

Connor: An AX400 is reported to have murdered a man last night. That could be a good starting point for our investigation.

[

 ] -  Kara died in Stormy Night

Connor: We could follow up on one of these cases. See if we could figure out what happened. That might be a good way to start the investigation. What do you think?

Hank: Uh, Jesus…
HANK'S SON
Cut content

Connor: I know what happened to your son, and I want you to know-
Hank: You never talk about my son! You got that? Never!
DIRECT

Connor: You shouldn’t let your personal situation hamper the investigation, Lieutenant.
Hank: You don't know what the hell you're talking about. So why don't you just run your program and shut the fuck up?
AGGRESSIVE

Connor: If the situation doesn't suit you, Lieutenant, you should ask to be relieved of duties and let me work with someone else.
Hank: I know exactly what I have to do! So keep your advice to yourself and mind your own business! Fuckin'...
PROFESSIONAL

Connor: I know you didn't ask for this investigation, Lieutenant, but I'm sure you're a professional.
Hank: Why don't you go fuck yourself?
UNDERSTANDING

Connor: I understand you’re facing personal issues, Lieutenant, but you need to move past them... and-
Hank: Hey! Don't talk to me like you know me. I'm not your friend and I don't need your advice, okay?
DETERMINED

Connor: I've been assigned this mission, Lieutenant. I didn't come here to wait until you feel like working.
RESIGN THE MISSION

Connor: I suggest you sort out your personal issues and let me work with someone more competent.
THREATEN

Connor: I'm going to file a report with my superiors that you refuse to work on this investigation.

Hank: Listen, asshole. If it was up to me, I'd throw the lot of you in a dumpster and set a match to it. So, stop pissing me off... or things are gonna get nasty.

Kara didn't die in Stormy Night

Kara didn't kill Todd in Stormy Night

Chris: Lieutenant... uh...sorry to disturb you. I have some information on the AX400 that attacked the guy last night... It's been seen in the Ravendale district.

Kara killed Todd in Stormy Night

Chris: Lieutenant... uh… sorry to disturb you. I have some information on the AX400 that killed the guy last night... It's been sighted in the Ravendale district.

Hank: I'm on it.

[

 ] -  Kara died in Stormy Night

Connor: Where are you going?
Hank: Lunch. Bullshit makes me hungry.
