At the Eden Club

NOV 6TH, 2038
PM 08:17

Hank: Aw… Feels like somebody’s playing with a drill inside my skull… You sure this is the place?
Connor: It's the address in the report.
Hank: Right... Okay... Let's get going. Jesus… Sexiest androids in town… Now I know why you insisted on coming here! Oh, boy…
Looking at the androids for too long

Hank: Connor! The fuck are you doin'?
Connor: Coming, Lieutenant.
Listening to Ben

Manager: You're not gonna take my license, are you? I mean, ha, I had nothing to do with this!
Ben: The investigation's ongoing, sir, I can't tell you anything for the moment. Hey, Hank!
Hank: Hey, Ben. How's it goin'?
Ben: It’s that room there. Oh, uh, by the way… Gavin's in there too.
Hank: Oh, great! A dead body and an asshole, just what I needed…
Inside the room

Gavin: Lieutenant Anderson and his plastic pet… The fuck are you two doin' here?
Connor: We’ve been assigned all cases involving androids.
Gavin: Oh, yeah? Well, you're wasting your time. Just some pervert who, uh, got more action than he could handle.
Hank: We'll have a look anyway, if you don’t mind.
Gavin: Come on, let's go… It's, uh, starting to stink of booze in here…
Chris: Night, Lieutenant.
Analysing the blood

Hank: Whoa! Hey! Hey! Hey! Argh, Connor, you’re so disgusting… Think I’m gonna puke again…
Hank looking at driver's license

Hank: Driver’s license says: Michael Graham... A credit card, cash in the wallet… Picture of his wife and two daughters… I wouldn’t want to make that call…
Reconstructing

Connor: He didn't die of a heart attack, he was strangled.
Hank: Yeah, I saw the bruising on the neck. Doesn’t prove anything though. Could’ve been rough play…
Connor: We’re missing something here…
Hank: Think you can read the android’s memory? Maybe you can see what happened…
Connor: I can try…
Connecting to the android

Connor: The only way to access its memory is to reactivate it.
Hank: Think you can do it?
Connor: It’s badly damaged… If I can, it'll only be for a minute, maybe less… I just hope it’s long enough to learn something.
EXPLAIN

Connor: You were damaged and I reactivated you. Everything is all right.
DIRECT

Connor: I’m going to ask you some questions. Are you able to speak?
SOOTHE

Connor: Calm down... everything’s all right. All we want is to know what happened.

Traci: Is he… is he dead?..
MURDERER

Connor: Did you kill him?
Traci: No… no, it wasn't me…
FACTS

Connor: Tell me what happened.
Traci: He... he started... hitting me… again... and again. I begged him to stop, but he wouldn’t. It was like he was enjoying it…
VICTIM
Cut content

Connor: Do you know this man? Have you seen him before?
Traci: No, this was the first time…
MURDERER

Connor: Who killed that man if it wasn't you?
Traci: I… I don’t know, I was in shutdown, I… I didn't see anything…
PRESSURE

Connor: What else do you remember? Hurry, we don’t have much time!
Traci: I… I… I… I don't know, I don't… I… I don't know. I can't remember… What… What do you mean we don't have much time?..
ALONE

Connor: Were you alone in the room? Was there anyone else with you?
Traci: He wanted to play with two girls… That’s what he said, there were two of us…
KILLER

Connor: So it was the other android that strangled him, is that it?
WHAT MODEL

Connor: What model was the other android? Did it look like you?
OTHER ANDROID

Connor: Where did the other android go? Did it say anything?

Hank: So, there was another android… This happened over an hour ago, it's probably long gone…
Connor: No… It couldn't go outside dressed like that unnoticed… It might still be here.
Hank: Think you could find a deviant among all the other androids in this place?
Connor: Deviants aren't easily detected.
Hank: Ah, shit... There's gotta be some other way… Maybe an eyewitness? Somebody who saw it leaving the room… I'm gonna go ask the manager a few questions about what he saw. You let me know if you think of anything.
Leaving the room
Cut content

Manager: Listen, I appreciate you not shutting my place down, but, um… how long's this gonna take? You’re scaring my customers…

Hank: Did you know the victim?
Manager: No, I mean he came in maybe two or three times… I mean these guys they don't really talk very much, you know… They come in, do their business and then go on their way…
Hank: You ever had any trouble with androids before?
Manager: No way! Well… Once... We lost a model 2-3 months back, bah... same model… Just vanished, we never found out what happened.
Hank: You probably don't have any CCTV in here, huh?
Manager: No way… I mean… This is what people appreciate about Eden Club... discretion. They can come and go without a trace.
Hank: Sure, sure… Eh, business is booming, right?
Manager: Yeah, can't complain… Good thing about androids is they're up for whatever you want, you won't get any diseases and, uh... they won't tell anyone… So, why not go wild?
Hank: Huh, yeah... Yeah, the more I learn about people, more I love my dog.

Ben: That club manager's a pain in the ass… Chewed my ear off for half an hour so we don't revoke his license…
Hank: Yeah.
Ben: So, what happened here?
Hank: Not sure yet… We think there was another android in the room…
Ben: Another android?
Hank: Yeah… Well, that’s what Connor says… Yeah, I've a terrible fucking headache… Do you have any pain killers?
Ben: Not with me, Hank, sorry.
Hank: What good are you, Ben?
[
 ] -  TAKE TOO MUCH TIME

Hank: I gotta go… I feel like shit... I don’t wanna puke in this fine establishment…
CONTINUE

Connor: The deviant didn’t just disappear. It's gotta be here somewhere… Just, give me one more minute, ok?
Hank: Alright. Be quick about it or it might get ugly.
Taking too much time again

[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Connor: We’re wasting our time. You're right, the deviant's probably gone now.
Hank: Let’s get outta here. This place makes me sick...
GIVE UP

[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Connor: We’re wasting our time. You're right, the deviant's probably gone now.
Hank: Let’s get outta here. This place makes me sick...
Asking Hank to rent a Traci

Machine: No fingerprint detected. Please try again.
Connor: Excuse me, Lieutenant. Can you come here a second?
Hank: Found something?
Connor: Maybe… Can you rent this Traci?
Hank: For fuck's sake, Connor, we got better things to do…
Connor: Please, Lieutenant! Just trust me.
Machine: Hello. A 30 minute session costs $29.99. Please confirm your purchase.
Hank: This is not gonna look good on my expense account…
Machine: Purchase confirmed. Eden Club wishes you a pleasant experience.
Hank: Yeah, you're welcome.
Traci: Delighted to meet you. Follow me, I’ll take you to your room.
Hank: Ok, now what? Holy shit, Connor... What the hell are you doin'?
Connor: It saw something.
Hank: What are you talkin' about? Saw, what?
Connor: The deviant leave the room… A blue-haired Traci. Club policy is to wipe the androids’ memory every two hours. We only have a few minutes if we wanna find another witness!

Hank: Hey, what am I supposed to do with this one?
Connor: Tell it you changed your mind!
Hank: Uhh... Sorry, honey, changed my mind! Nothing personal, you're... a lovely girl... I just, uh... You know... I'm with him and... I mean, not with him like that... I'm not that... That's not what I... You, um... Wow... I just... ... got a job to do. My head-

Hank: What are you gonna do? You can’t check the memory of all these androids...
Connor: I know which direction it went. I just need to find another android that saw it…
Cut content

Hank: You’re really reading their memories, to see what they saw? Fuck, this is insane… Connor, wait for me for God’s sake!
Connecting to android

Connor: Let’s try this one.
Hank: This better be worth it!
Connor: It saw the blue-haired Traci, I know which way it went!
Hank: Then go for it! There're androids everywhere! How you gonna tell which one saw the Traci with blue hair?
Connor: I know which direction it took. I just need to find another android on its path!
Search for the Traci

    Connor: No… I lost its track again...
    Hank: I’ve spent all this money and I’m still not havin' fun…
    Connor: Nothing… Blue-haired Traci didn't come this way…
    Connor: It didn’t see anything. I made a mistake somewhere…
    Hank: This has gotta be the most expensive investigation of my career!
    Hank: We’ll never have time to check 'em all!
    Connor: Lieutenant, if you have a better idea, I’m all ears.

[
 -  TAKE TOO MUCH TIME
]

[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Connor: It's too late… The androids’ memory have been reset. If one of them saw the Traci, we’ll never know… It’s my fault. I should have been faster.
Hank: Ah... For a second there, I thought you were gonna make yourself useful. Let’s get outta here. This place gives me the creeps.
Finding out the Traci went through the staff door

Connor: I know where it went! Follow me!
Hank: Fucking-A. This is crazy…
In the warehouse

Hank: Wait! I'll take it from here. Shit… We're too late…

Hank: Christ, look at them… They get used till they break, then they get tossed out…

Hank: People are fucking insane… They don’t want relationships anymore, everybody just gets an android… They cook what you want, they screw when you want, you don't have to worry about how they feel… Next thing you know, we’re gonna be extinct, because everybody would rather buy a piece of plastic than love another human being… Beats me…
[
 ] -  TAKE TOO MUCH TIME

[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Hank: Come on, Connor! We're leaving.
Connor: Yes, I’m coming.
Connor: I failed. I should have caught it…
Hank: Let's get outta here. This place makes me sick…
Find the Traci

Hank: DON'T MOVE!
Hank: QUICK! THEY'RE GETTING AWAY!

Win the fight
SHOOT

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYlarge_decrease ]

[ HANKlarge_decrease ]

Blue-haired Traci: Why?.. Why did you kill her?.. She had nothing to do with any of this… When that man killed that Traci... I knew I was next… I was so scared… I begged him to stop, but he wouldn’t… So I put my hands around his throat, and I squeezed... until he stopped moving… Yes, I killed him… but I was just defending myself… I wanted to live… I wanted to get back to the one I love… and forget about the humans… the smell of their sweat and their dirty words… But you've... You've taken her away from me…
Cut content

Blue-haired Traci: What am I supposed to do without her?!

Blue-haired Traci: I love her… I loved her!
Hank: My God…
SPARE

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYlarge_increase ]

[ HANKlarge_increase ]

Blue-haired Traci: When that man broke the other Traci... I knew I was next… I was so scared… I begged him to stop, but he wouldn’t… And so I put my hands around his throat, and I squeezed... until he stopped moving… I didn’t mean to kill him… I just wanted to stay alive… get back to the one I love. I wanted her to hold me in her arms again... make me forget about the humans… their smell of sweat and their dirty words…
Traci: Come on, let's go.
Hank: It's probably better this way…

Lose the fight

Blue-haired Traci: When that man broke the other Traci... I knew I was next… I was so scared… I begged him to stop, but he wouldn’t… And so I put my hands around his throat, and I squeezed... until he stopped moving… I didn’t mean to kill him… I just wanted to stay alive… get back to the one I love. I wanted her to hold me in her arms again... make me forget about the humans… their smell of sweat and their dirty words…
Traci: Come on, let's go.
SHOOT

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYlarge_decrease ]

[ HANKlarge_decrease ]

Hank: Congratulations, Connor… You got 'em…
SPARE

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYlarge_increase ]

[ HANKlarge_increase ]

Hank: It's probably better this way…
