In the Zen Garden

NOV 10TH, 2038
PM 07:31

[

 -  Connor stayed a machine or died in Crossroads
]

[

 ] -  Connor died in Crossroads

Amanda: The previous Connor failed its mission. You’re going to replace it. You know what you have to do, don’t you?
Connor: Destroy the leader of the deviants.
Amanda: Go, Connor. Don’t disappoint me.

Connor stayed a machine and didn't die in Crossroads (killed Markus), North is leading a violent revolution

Amanda: The deviant leader has started a revolution. It’s leading an army to take Detroit by force. You have to find it, Connor. Find it, and destroy it with your own hands.
At Hank's house

[

 -  Hank was hostile in Last Chance, Connor and resigned
]
GOODBYE

Connor: I came to say goodbye, Lieutenant.
APOLOGIZE

Connor: I know I'm responsible for what happened, Lieutenant. I want you to know I'm sorry.
WORRIED ABOUT HANK

Connor: I was worried about you, Lieutenant. I came by to see if you're all right.
RECONCILE

Connor: I needed to see you, Lieutenant. In spite of all of our differences, I’m glad I had the chance to meet you.
[ PHOTO ]

[

 -  Looked at Cole's photo in Russian Roulette
]
Connor: You should stop looking at that photo, Lieutenant. Nothing can change the past... But you can learn to live again… For yourself… And for Cole…
GUN

Connor: You should get rid of that gun. And stop playing that game!
ALCOHOL

Connor: I know I've said this before, Lieutenant, but you should stop drinking. It's going to kill you.

Chose [ PHOTO ] + Connor died multiple times

Hank: Y'know, every time you died and came back… It made me think of Cole… I'd give anything to hold him again… But humans don't come back…

Connor didn't die before / don't choose [ PHOTO ]

Hank: For a while there, I believed in you, Connor… I thought you might restore my faith in the world… But you just showed me that androids... Are our creation… Creation in our own image. Selfish, ruthless, and brutal… You opened my eyes, Connor. Made me realize it’s hopeless…
CONVINCE

Connor: Hank, I-
DON'T INSIST

Connor: I understand.

Hank: Now leave me alone… Go on, complete your mission, since that's all you care about. GET OUTTA HERE!
In the church : Jericho was attacked

[  Connor became a deviant and Markus is dead / rejected and did not return
]
Talking with Kara

Connor went after Kara and Alice on the highway in On The Run

Connor: I thought I'd killed you on that highway… I’m sorry I put your lives in danger… I was just a machine taking orders… It wasn’t really me… What are you gonna do now?..
Kara: Getting Alice away from here is all that matters now… We have to catch the last bus… We might still have a chance to cross the border…
Connor: I hope you make it out safely. You deserve some happiness, after all you've been through…
Talking with North
MARKUS

[

 -  Markus is dead
]
Connor: I know how important Markus was to Jericho… and to your people.
North: He gave his life for us… He gave us the hope we’d lost and the courage to fight… We’ll never forget him.
SITUATION

Connor: The humans won’t take any risks… They’re rounding up the androids and taking them to camps for extermination... In a couple hours, we'll be the only ones left…
SURVIVORS

Connor: How many survived the attack?
North: A few hundred... maybe more if you count those hiding all over the city… We’d all be dead if you hadn’t detonated that bomb.

North: Where are we supposed to go from here?

Connor: There are thousands of androids at the CyberLife assembly plant. If we could wake them up, they might join us and shift the balance of power…
North: You wanna infiltrate the CyberLife Tower?
Connor: They trust me… they’ll let me in.
North: Connor, that's suicide.
Connor: If anyone stands a chance of infiltrating CyberLife, it’s me.
North: If you go there, they’ll kill you.
Connor: There’s a high probability… but statistically speaking there’s always a chance for unlikely events to take place…
North calls to arms

[

 -  Markus died
]

North: Markus gave his life for our people. He showed us that we can choose our own destiny… But he is not here to guide us anymore… Now it is up to us to finish what he started.

Markus was rejected by Jericho

North: Markus is no longer with us… He failed us as a leader and chose to walk away… Now it is up to us to finish what he started.

North: Humans have decided to exterminate us… Our people are in camps right now, being destroyed… The time has come for us to make a choice, one that may decide the future of our people. They wanted a war… they'll get it. We are going to fight for our freedom. And we will win or we will die trying.
Androids: North! YEAH! YEAH! YES! YEAH! YES!
