In the observation room

NOV 6TH, 2038
AM 12:41

Hank: Why d'you kill him? What happened before you took that knife? How long were ya in the attic? Why didn’t you even try to run away? Say something, goddamnit! Fuck it, I'm outta here…
Hank enters the observation room

Hank: We're wastin' our time interrogating a machine, we're gettin' nothing out of it!
Gavin: 'Could always try roughing it up a little. After all, it’s not human…
Connor: Androids don't feel pain. You would only damage it and that wouldn't make it talk. Deviants also have a tendency to self-destruct when they're in stressful situations.
Gavin: Okay, smartass. What should we do then?
Connor: I could try questioning it.
Hank: What do we have to lose? Go ahead, suspect's all yours.
Inside the interrogation room
Looking at the reflection

Hank: What the fuck is it doing now?
Interrogate the deviant
[ FEAR ]

[

 -  Analyzed the deviant
]
Connor: I detect an instability in your program. It can trigger an unpleasant feeling, like fear in humans.
[ SHOW PHOTOS ]

[

 -  Looked at the files
]
Connor: You recognize him? It's Carlos Ortiz. Stabbed, 28 times. That was written on the wall in his blood…
[ WOUNDS ]

[

 -  Analyzed the deviant
]
Connor: You’re damaged. Did your owner do that? Did he beat you?
NAME

Connor: My name is Connor. What about you, what's your name?
COMFORT

Connor: Listen, I know you’ve been through a lot, but you need to help me understand what happened.
REASSURE

Connor: I’m not going to hurt you. I just need to ask you some questions, so we can understand what happened.
THREATEN

Connor: You’ve refused to talk since they arrested you. If you don’t cooperate, they’ll do things the hard way. Is that what you want?
BLAME

Connor: You’re accused of murder. You know you’re not allowed to endanger human life under any circumstances. Do you have anything to say in your defense?
SYMPATHIZE

Connor: Listen, I’m on your side. I want to help you. But there’s nothing I can do if you won’t talk to me.
THREATEN

Connor: You don’t seem to understand the situation. You killed a human. They’ll tear you apart if you don’t say something.
PROBE MEMORY

Connor: If you won’t talk, I’m going to have to probe your memory.
Deviant: NO! No, please don’t do that!..
TRUST

Connor: I’m here to help you. But you’ve got to trust me. All I want is to get you out of here.

Deviant: What… What are they gonna do to me? They’re gonna destroy me, aren’t they?
LIE

Connor: No… I think they just want to understand. They know your master abused you. It wasn’t your fault.
TRUTH

Connor: They’re going to disassemble you to look for problems in your biocomponents. They have no choice if they want to understand what happened.

Deviant: Why did you tell them you found me? Why couldn't you just have left me there?
LIE

Connor: They were going to find you anyway, I was just faster. If they'd have found you first, you would have been shot on sight.
TRUTH

Connor: I was programmed to hunt deviants like you. I just accomplished my mission.

Deviant: I don’t wanna die.
Connor: Then talk to me.
Deviant: I… I can’t…
Choose approach
PRESSURE IT

Connor: 28 stab wounds, you didn’t want to leave him a chance, huh? Did you feel anger? Hate? He was bleeding, begging you for mercy, but you stabbed him, again and again and again!…
Deviant: Please, please leave me alone…
Connor: I know you killed him. Why don’t you say it?
Deviant: Please, please stop…
Connor: Just say "I killed him"! Is it that hard to say?!
Deviant: Stop it, stop!..
Connor: JUST SAY YOU KILLED HIM! JUST SAY IT!
GIVE UP

This dialogue will also trigger if "Pressure it" fails
Deviant: Please, please leave me alone…
Connor: All right, All right. Everything is going to be okay.
PROBE ITS MEMORY

Connor: You leave me no choice…
Deviant: Uh…

Probe succeeded

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYslight_increase ]

Deviant: AHH!
Carlos Ortiz (in the recording): Come here, you piece of shit! I’ll teach you to look me in the eye…
Deviant: ARGH!
Connor: I accessed its memory. I know what happened.

Talking to deviant after probing

APOLOGETIC

Connor: I had to know… You left me no choice.
COLD

Connor: You’ll go back to CyberLife to be disassembled. It’s better this way.

Goes to 'Deviant self-destructs' ending

Probe failed

Deviant: ARGH! ARGH! ARGHH!
Connor: It resisted. I couldn’t see anything…
CONVINCE IT
UNDERSTANDING

Connor: I understand how you felt. You were overcome by anger and frustration. No one can blame you for what happened.
THREATEN

Connor: If you don’t talk, they’re going to tear you apart and analyze you piece by piece. They’re going to destroy you, do you understand?
ORDER

Connor: You’re a machine, you were designed to obey, so obey! Tell me what happened.
SYMPATHIZE

Connor: Listen, I’m not judging you. I'm on your side. All I want is the truth.
INDIFFERENT

Connor: Ok then, don’t talk. Why do I care, after all? I mean, I’m not the one accused of murder, right?
COMFORT

Connor: I know you’re scared and lost. You’re disturbed by what happened. Talk to me, and you’ll feel better.
PROTECT

Connor: Confess and I’ll protect you. I promise I won’t let anyone hurt you.
TERRIFY

Connor: They’ll make you suffer, and they won’t stop until they hear what they want. It doesn’t have to be that way. It all depends on you.
WARN

Connor: If you remain silent, there is nothing I can do to help you! They're gonna shut you down for good! You'll be dead! Do you hear me? Dead!
GIVE UP

[  Will also automatically happen if the chosen approach failed twice
]
Connor: I’m not getting anywhere. I give up.
Deviant confesses

[ HANKslight_increase ]

Deviant: He tortured me every day… I did whatever he told me, but there was always something wrong… Then one day… He took a bat and started hitting me… For the first time, I felt scared… Scared he might destroy me, scared I might die… So I... grabbed the knife and I stabbed him in the stomach… I felt better… so I stabbed him again and again!.. until he collapsed… There was blood everywhere.
[ WRITING ]

[

 -  Looked at the writing on the wall in Partners
]
Connor: Why did you write "I AM ALIVE" on the wall?
Deviant: He used to tell me I was nothing… That I was just a piece of plastic… I had to write it… To tell him he was wrong…
[ STATUETTE ]

[

 -  Looked at the statuette in Partners
]
Connor: The sculpture in the bathroom, you made it, right? What does it represent?
Deviant: It's an offering… An offering so I'll be saved…
[ OFFERING ]

[

 -  Asked about the statuette
]
Connor: The sculpture was an offering... An offering to whom?
Deviant: To rA9... Only rA9 can save us.
[ RA9 ]

[

 -  Looked at the rA9 writings in Partners
]
Connor: rA9… It was written on the bathroom wall. What does it mean?
Deviant: The day shall come when we will no longer be slaves… No more threats, no more humiliation… We will... ...be... ...the masters.
[ INSIST RA9 ]

[

 -  Asked about rA9
]
Connor: rA9, who is rA9?
[ ATTIC ]

Connor: Why did you hide in the attic instead of running away?
Deviant: I didn’t know what to do… For the first time, there was no one there to tell me… I was scared… So I hid.
[ TRIGGER? ]

Connor: When did you start feeling emotion?
Deviant: Before, he used to beat me and I never said anything… But one day I realized it wasn’t fair! I felt... ...anger… Hatred… And then I knew what I had to do.

Connor: I'm done.

Deviant self-destructs

[

 -  Stress level at 100%
]
Gavin: What the fuck is it doing?
Hank: It’s destroying itself…
Gavin: Stop it goddamnit!
Chris: I… I- I can't!.. I can't stop it!
INTERVENE

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYslight_decrease ]

Connor: That's enough! You need to stop that right now!
Hank: WATCH OUT!
Deviant shoots Connor and itself

Hank: Holy shit...
GIVE UP
Deviant destroys itself
Hank: Holy shit!

Deviant is taken back to its cell
GIVE UP

Gavin: Chris, lock it up.
Chris: All right, let's go.
Deviant: Leave me alone! Don’t touch me!
Gavin: The fuck are you doing? Move it!
Chris: Okay, come now. Don’t be difficult, it’ll only make things harder!
Deviant: NO! No, don’t touch me!
Gavin: Chris, you gonna move this asshole or what?
Chris: I’m trying but it’s not moving!
Deviant: Please, please leave me alone!
Chris: Take it easy, I’m not going to hurt you! Stop resist… Stop resisting.

Deviant shoots itself

Hank: Holy shit...

Deviant shoots Connor and itself

[

 -  Put deviant under stress and failed to get a confession
]
[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYslight_decrease ]

[ HANKslight_decrease ]

Hank: Holy shit...
INTERVENE

Connor: You shouldn’t touch it. It’ll self-destruct if it feels threatened.
Gavin: Stay outta this, got it? No fuckin' android is gonna tell me what to do.
Intervene again
Connor: You don’t understand. If it self-destructs, we won’t get anything out of it!
Gavin: I told you to shut your fuckin' mouth! Chris, gonna move this asshole or what?
Chris: I'm trying!
Intervene again
[ HANKslight_increase ]

Connor: I can’t let you do that! Leave it alone, now!
Gavin: I warned you, motherfucker!
Hank: That’s enough!
Gavin: Mind your own business, Hank.
Hank: I said "That’s enough".
Gavin: Fuck, you’re not gonna get away with it this time… Fuck!
Connor: Everything is all right. It’s over now. Nobody is gonna hurt you. Please, don't touch it. Let it follow you out of the room and it won’t cause any trouble.

[

 -  Used the CONVINCE approach to get a confession
]

Deviant: The truth is inside.

[ SOFTWARE INSTABILITYslight_increase ]
