On the rooftop

NOV 11TH, 2038
PM 10:48

Hank is on the roof

[  Hank wasn't hostile in Last Chance, Connor and didn't resign
]
Hank: You shouldn't do this, Connor.
Connor: Keep out of this, Lieutenant. It's none of your business!
Hank: You're gonna kill a man who wants to be free, that is my business!
Connor: It's not a man, it's a machine.
Hank: That's what I thought for a long time but I was wrong. Deviant's blood may be a different color than mine, but they're alive.
FRIENDLY

Connor: I have a mission to accomplish, Hank. It's best if you just stay out of this.
AGGRESSIVE

Connor: What's up, Lieutenant? Ran out of whisky so you came here looking for trouble instead?
Hank: Oh, very nasty, Connor… Is that the best your super program can do? I thought you were more sophisticated than that!
REASONABLE

Connor: Deviants are a threat to humans, Hank. They're the reason this country is on the brink of civil war! They have to be stopped.
Hank: We're in this mess because we refused to listen to deviants! Humanity never learns from its mistakes, Connor! This time, it could be different!
THREATENING

Connor: I'm going to accomplish my mission, Lieutenant, whether you like it or not. I advise you to stay outta my way!
Hank: Then one of us is gonna have a problem, Connor. Cause I don't intend to let you have your way.
STAY QUIET

ø

Hank: Step away from the ledge!
THREATEN

Connor: Go home, Hank! You can still save your life. I'm faster than you and I don't feel pain. You don't stand a chance against me.
Hank: You know, ever since Cole died, I’ve been nothing but a coward. Just wanted to destroy myself, lost track of the man I was. But you know what? You don’t fucking scare me, Connor. I remember who I am, now. Come on!
PLEAD

Connor: After all we've been through… I respected you, Hank. I thought we were friends!
Hank: Oh, yeah? I was just starting to like you too! But then I realized you'll never change! You don’t feel emotions, Connor, you fake 'em! You pretended to be my friend, when you don’t even know the meaning of the word!
DEFY

Connor: What're you gonna do, Hank? You gonna shoot me?! I thought androids lives mattered to you!
Hank: Get away from the fucking ledge! You know I'll shoot you if I have to.
HANK'S SON

Connor: I know what happened to your son, Hank. It wasn't your fault. A truck skidded on a sheet of ice, and your car rolled over… Little Cole had just turned six…
Hank: Shut up! Don't you talk about my son.
[ HANK'S SON (INSIST) ]
[
 -  Chose HANK'S SON
]

Connor: He needed emergency surgery… But no human was available to do it, so an android had to take care of him… Poor Cole didn't make it. An android killed your son, Hank! And now you wanna save them?..
Hank: No! Cole died because a human surgeon was too high on red ice to operate! All this time I blamed androids for what happened but it was a human's fault! Him and this fucked up world where the only way people can find comfort is with a fistful of powder!

Connor died several times before

Hank: Everytime you died and came back… I thought about Cole. I'd have done anything to bring him back too, to hold him in my arms just one more time… But humans don't come back, do they?
[ LEAVE ]

[

 -  Be friend with Hank
]
Connor: Killing you is not part of my mission. I'm glad to have met you, Hank. I hope one day you can get over what happened to your son.
ATTACK

Win the fight

Hank: Moment of truth, Connor… What are you gonna do?
SAVE HANK

Connor: Killing you is not part of my mission. But you won't stop me from accomplishing it.

Dodge Hank

ø

Getting pushed from the edge

Hank: I didn't wanna do that, Connor… You left me no choice.
KILL HANK

ø

Lose the fight

Connor: The moment of truth, Hank… Am I a living being… or just a machine?..
Hank: You're a machine, Connor. Just a machine.

CAPTAIN ALLEN INTERVENES

[

 -  HANK COMMITTED SUICIDE IN 'NIGHT OF THE SOUL'
]
Allen: Put the rifle down and turn around with your hands in the air!
OBEY

ø
EXPLAIN

Connor: I’m the android sent by CyberLife, I'm on your side! I can shoot the leader of the deviants and stop the revolution, but you have to let me.
Allen: Put the gun down, turn around! This is your last warning!
CONTINUE

Connor: I have the deviant leader in my sights. I’m going to shoot it, and then you can do whatever you want with me.
Allen: Put the gun down, turn around! This is your last warning!

Allen: I know you… You're Connor, the android from that hostage situation…

Connor didn't die in The Hostage

Allen: I knew we'd meet again.

[

 ] -  Connor died in The Hostage

Allen: I thought you were dead…
Connor: Androids don't die, captain.

Allen: My orders are to detain any androids I find. You’re coming with me.
Connor: You don't understand! My mission is too important to let you interfere.
FIGHT

Win the fight

Connor: You should have listened to me, captain.

Lose the fight

Allen: I should have done this the first time I saw you.
FLEE

Allen: Stay right there. Connor! CONNOR! Fucking androids…
Going after the deviant leader

In the crowd [Markus led a successful demonstration]
DON'T SHOOT

Amanda: Connor, what are you doing? Obey! That’s an order!
Connor: I... I can't do that!..
Amanda: I see... Moral objections. We knew there was a risk you’d be compromised… Which is why we’d always planned on resuming control of your program…
Connor: Resume control?… You can't do that!..
Amanda: I'm afraid I can, Connor… You needn't have any regrets. You did what you were designed to do. You accomplished your mission.
Connor: No way... There's got to be a way…
SHOOT

ø

Connor finds Markus

[Markus is leading a successful revolution] See Markus' Revolution.

Connor arrives in store

[Markus led a revolution and had to fall back] See Markus' Revolution.
